mysql-compatibility: add doc for a UPDATE incompatibility case (#7094)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-update.md

## MySQL compatibility

TiDB always uses the original value of a column when evaluating expressions. For example:

```sql
CREATE TABLE t (a int, b int);
INSERT INTO t VALUES (1,2);
UPDATE t SET a = a+1,b=a;
```

> In MySQL, the column `b` is updated to 2 because it uses the value of `a` which is derived from `a+1`. TiDB follows the more standard SQL behavior, and updates `b` to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In MySQL, the column `b` is updated to 2 because it is set to the value of `a`, and the value of `a` (which is 1) is updated to `a+1` (which is 2) in the same statement. 

TiDB follows the more standard SQL behavior, and updates `b` to 1.
```
